feat(dart_frog_cli): allow pass through of arguments (#1630)
VeryGoodOpenSource/dart_frog: docs/docs/overview.md

- `--port` - The port to run the dev server on. Defaults to `8080`.
- `--dart-vm-service-port` - The port to run the Dart VM service on. Defaults to `8181`. This is required when trying to run multiple dev servers simultaneously on the same host.
- `--host` - The host to run the dev server on. Defaults to `localhost`.

> - or if you need to pass a custom parameter, you can use do `dart_frog dev -- --enable-experiment=macros`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize it further, a `--` signals the **end of options** and disables further option processing from `dart_frog dev`. Any arguments after the `--` are passed into the [Dart tool](https://dart.dev/tools/dart-tool) process. For example, you could use the `--` to enable [experimental flags](https://dart.dev/tools/experiment-flags) such as macros `dart_frog dev -- --enable-experiment=macros`.
```
